# Designing an API
In Kubernetes, we have a few rules for how we design APIs. Namely, all serialized fields must be `camelCase`, so we use JSON struct tags to specify this. We can also use the `omitempty` struct tag to mark that a field should be omitted from serialization when empty.

Fields may use most of the primitive types. Numbers are the exception: for API compatibility purposes, we accept three forms of numbers: `int32` and `int64` for integers, and `resource.Quantity` for decimals.

## Hold up, what's a Quantity?
Quantities are a special notation for decimal numbers that have an explicitly fixed representation that makes them more portable across machines. You’ve probably noticed them when specifying resources requests and limits on pods in Kubernetes.

They conceptually work similar to floating point numbers: they have a significant, base, and exponent. Their serializable and human readable format uses whole numbers and suffixes to specify values much the way we describe computer storage.

For instance, the value `2m` means `0.002` in decimal notation. `2Ki` means `2048` in decimal, while `2K` means `2000` in decimal. If we want to specify fractions, we switch to a suffix that lets us use a whole number: `2.5` is `2500m`.

There are two supported bases: 10 and 2 (called decimal and binary, respectively). Decimal base is indicated with “normal” SI suffixes (e.g. `M` and `K`), while Binary base is specified in “mebi” notation (e.g. `Mi` and `Ki`). Think [megabytes vs mebibytes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_prefix).

There’s one other special type that we use: `metav1.Time`. This functions identically to `time.Time`, except that it has a fixed, portable serialization format.

# A Brief Aside: What’s the rest of this stuff?
If you’ve taken a peek at the rest of the files in the `api/v1/` directory, you might have noticed two additional files beyond your `*_types.go`: `groupversion_info.go` and `zz_generated.deepcopy.go`.

Neither of these files ever needs to be edited (the former stays the same and the latter is autogenerated), but it’s useful to know what’s in them.

## groupversion_info.go
`groupversion_info.go` contains common metadata about the group-version:

First, we have some package-level markers that denote that there are Kubernetes objects in this package, and that this package represents the group `batch.tutorial.kubebuilder.io`. The `object` generator makes use of the former, while the latter is used by the CRD generator to generate the right metadata for the CRDs it creates from this package.

```go
// Package v1 contains API Schema definitions for the batch v1 API group.
// +kubebuilder:object:generate=true
// +groupName=batch.tutorial.kubebuilder.io
package v1

import (
    "k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/runtime/schema"
    "sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/scheme"
)
```

Then, we have the commonly useful variables that help us set up our Scheme. Since we need to use all the types in this package in our controller, it’s helpful (and the convention) to have a convenient method to add all the types to some other `Scheme`. SchemeBuilder makes this easy for us.

```go
var (
    // GroupVersion is group version used to register these objects.
    GroupVersion = schema.GroupVersion{Group: "batch.tutorial.kubebuilder.io", Version: "v1"}

    // SchemeBuilder is used to add go types to the GroupVersionKind scheme.
    SchemeBuilder = &scheme.Builder{GroupVersion: GroupVersion}

    // AddToScheme adds the types in this group-version to the given scheme.
    AddToScheme = SchemeBuilder.AddToScheme
)
```

## zz_generated.deepcopy.go
`zz_generated.deepcopy.go` contains the autogenerated implementation of the aforementioned `runtime.Object` interface, which marks all of our root types as representing Kinds.

The core of the `runtime.Object` interface is a deep-copy method, `DeepCopyObject`.

The object generator in controller-tools also generates two other handy methods for each root type and all its sub-types: `DeepCopy` and `DeepCopyInto`.
